Improve and automate the plugin build (#9)
TeamDev-IP/JxBrowser-Gradle-Plugin: README.md

jxbrowser {
    // The JxBrowser version. A mandatory field.

>     version = "7.36"

Reviewer: The problem with the fixed version of JxBrowser in README is that it would require updating it every time we release a new version of JxBrowser. It's a small and easy task, but it is likely that it would be forgotten or skipped even if we add it in a release checklist.

Even if it won't be skipped, we still can help people to find out the latest version of JxBrowser.

How about adding adding the following comment line?

```java
// Obtain the latest release version number at https://teamdev.com/jxbrowser/.
```

    // Alternatively, it may point to a custom repo via its URL, as follows:
    // repository = "https://my.custom.repository"

    // Adds a repository with JxBrowser preview builds to the project.
    includePreviewBuilds()
}

dependencies {
    // Adds a dependency to the core JxBrowser API.
    implementation(jxbrowser.core)

    // Adds dependencies to the UI toolkit integrations.
    implementation(jxbrowser.swt)
    implementation(jxbrowser.swing)
    implementation(jxbrowser.javafx)

    // Detects the current platform and adds the corresponding Chromium binaries.
    implementation(jxbrowser.currentPlatform)

>     // Adds dependencies with binaries for all supported platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Adds dependencies to the Chromium binaries for all supported platforms.
```
